so here we are in the fermentation room
and it's here that most of the flavors
this is probably one of the most
important parts of the making of scotch
whisky you will see here twelve wooden
wash backs each contains 25,000 litres
of sugary liquid that has come directly
from the master as it's being filled
into these tons an added amount of yeast
festivities to our own specifications is
added into these vessels mixed together
and here it will spend a minimum of 55
hours in order to get the right sort of
fermentation for us and here we have
Roger hello Roger
what are you God's here filling up this
has come straight out of the mash tun I
saw that earlier on Roger I think what
would be very interesting to see is why
we got on yesterday Alice yesterday's
we're developing have another one down
here
haha
which looks in very good for
so Roger this has been going for what
looks like about 18 or 19 or something
like that but now let's see what sort of
strength I mean we know what strikes it
shouldn't have it would be about 23 24
something around there
it's just measuring the see wannabes
what's that there Roger just um kill
people who just don't care if you are
that's bang on schedule things are
looking good
mr. star ready to go just a little you
know me you know what are we looking for
how about two 6-3 3-6 under okay hang on
yeah dystonia yeah certainly smells
wonderful
you can hear taste yeah surely
it's always great to have a drop throw
it's recorded in the distillery
flavors that has just been formed well
after the liquid is ready at a rate
percent alcohol by volume is then passed
straight through into the still house
where it is twice still